I didn't mean what you meant.
I don't always. Always in a hurry.
You have the final say when I take care of my family.
If you just say this, don't come and take your place.
Take care, don’t worry,
Then I will find a way to return my million to you.
As for your business,
I'm really sorry too. Why is this?
I think some people will disagree,
I'm going to marry her soon.
Although she
But I am a member of the Fang family after all,
Not a family person. Stay in the Gu family,
Change care, sister she,
After all, he is Master Fang's person.
Now is the time to tell the story to the end
And the word "Misui" doesn't sound good either.
I will ask you one last time from now on
Is this your decision to make?
Thank you very much for taking care of me
But I stay in the story
It's really inappropriate. Don't worry, I have to.
You can decide to go back
Then it will be this time for you in the future
I have nothing to do with me
Just be nice and show off your attitude